[Master Fu] Do you believe in magic?
-[match catching]
-I am Wang Fu,
the guardian of magical gems
called The Miraculous.
Hiding extraordinary powers
over the centuries,
the Miraculous have been granted
to the greatest heroes,
to protect the world from evil.
-[inspiring music]
-Among them,
one is most feared,
for it creates Akumas!
-[eerie music]
-Dark butterflies
capable of turning anyone
with even a hint of anger
into a terrifying monster!
To stop this evil,
two rival heroes must rise.
United, these two Miraculous
possess the ultimate power!
One even stronger than death.
But could such selfless hearts
find their courage in time?
[adventure music]
[music crescendoes and fades]
-[bell towers ringing]
-[upbeat music]
[distant laughter]
-[female voice] Yoohoo! Salut!
-[male voice] Salut!
[music fades]
[Sabine sighs]
[Tom gasps]
There she is! Marinette,
your breakfast is getting cold, honey.
Sorry, Daddy, I'm not hungry today.
-Gotta go!
-[Tom] That's fine.
-I'll grab some croissants for the road.
-The road?
Oh, I am so excited
to take you to school!
Wha-- No! No, no, no!
Dad, this is not the day.
I'm going there alone.
You don't want them to make fun of me,
do you?
Of course not, honey.
-[sigh] Thank you.
-[Tom] I'll come get you after school.
I made beautiful sweets
for all your friends,
and I didn't forget
your favorite unicorn cakes!
Oh, no.
How many times do I have to tell you?
-I have zero friends.
-[Sabine] Tom.
-I smell something burning.
-[Tom gasps]
No, no, no! Not the baguettes!
Ugh, I'm sorry, Mom.
I know Daddy means well, but--
-What's wrong, honey?
-I'm worried they'd make fun of me.
Can you imagine what they'd think?
Stop worrying about what others think.
There's only one thing
you have to listen to.
[soft music]
[soft chuckle]
Mom, but…
[sigh]
How do you make your dreams come true?
You just have to believe in yourself.
-[uplifting music]
-You're right, Mom.
♪ What I could be
If I believed in me ♪
♪ Maybe today, I'll find a way ♪
-♪ My dreams will set me free ♪
-Argh, watch where you're going!
♪ I can't make up my mind ♪
♪ Tired of getting left behind ♪
♪ What I could be ♪
-♪ If I believed in me ♪
-[dog whimpers]
♪ What would it be like ♪
♪ To live somebody else's life ♪
♪ Those daydreams don't last ♪
-[waiter grunts]
-[woman shrieks]
-♪ And they all fall apart ♪
-[click]
-[strained] Pretty fast!
-[child giggles]
♪ The merchants arrive ♪
♪ They know exactly how and why
They do what they do ♪
[indistinct greeting]
♪ I wish that could be true ♪
-♪ For me too! ♪
-[music rising]
♪ What I could be
If I believed in me ♪
♪ Maybe today, I'll dream a way ♪
♪ And everyone will see ♪
♪ The colors in my mind ♪
♪ All the shapes and the designs ♪
♪ They'd be set free ♪
♪ If I believed in me ♪
[Marinette gasps]
[tense inhale]
♪ I never know the words to say ♪
♪ I can't show my face ♪
♪ I just know I'd be so out of place ♪
[music softens]
♪ But how would it feel ♪
♪ To make all of my daydreams real
But I hesitate ♪
♪ And the moment goes by ♪
♪ It's too late ♪
[music rises]
[gasp]
♪ Is this a new day? ♪
♪ Maybe they'll all see ♪
♪ I'll stand and I'll say ♪
♪ That I believe in me ♪
[Marinette vocalizing]
♪ The things I'd see
If I believed in me ♪
♪ Maybe today, I'll find a way ♪
♪ My dreams will set me free ♪
♪ I will make up my mind ♪
♪ I won't shy away this time ♪
♪ What I could see ♪
♪ If I believed ♪
-♪ In me! ♪
-[music crescendoes, ends]
-Ah!
-[crowd gasps]
[Marinette shudders]
[nervous laugh]
[woman gasps]
[crowd] Mr. Agreste!
[Nathalie] The teams are ready
for you in the show room.
[Gabriel grunts]
-[shutters snapping]
-[crowd clamoring]
To die for! Bravo!
Yes! Ahh!
[panicked breathing]
Oh!
[elevator bell rings]
[gasp]
[Nathalie] In other news,
the show was a success in every way.
[Gabriel] I want copies of every review
as soon as they come in.
-[Nathalie] Yes, sir.
-[sneer]
Take three centimeters off the right.
Lower the hem.
And get rid of that sash.
Oh! To die for!
[uplifting music]
[Nino grunts]
Haha!
'Sup, dude!
[students laughing and chattering]
-Working out?
-I'm getting swole!
[girl exclaiming]
-[Chloe] Outfit?
-Perfect.
-Books?
-Check.
-Adrien?
-I promised to show him around.
If all goes according to plan,
he'll escort me to the ball come December.
Everything must go according to plan,
OK, Sabrina?
Plan? Check.
[sigh]
[Nino grunts]
Oh, watch out!
[soprano opera aria]
[shout in slow motion]
-[gasps]
-[Nino yelps]
-[Chloe groans]
[Chloe] You just ruined
my Gabriel Agreste sweater!
I… I'm so, so…
-[students gasp]
-Marinette!
-You are so--
-[Alya clears throat]
Don't stop on my account.
I'm just a fly on the wall.
…gonna be my new best friend.
It's just a priceless cashmere sweater.
Come on, Sabrina.
[snaps]
Let's get to class.
We have much to study.
[Sabrina shudders]
I am so angry right now!
I could eat…
a piece of bread with butter!
But that's carbs and fat.
You could break out!
[exasperated] I know!
[Marinette] You didn't have to do that.
Oh, sorry.
Did I need to take a number
behind the line of friends
coming to your rescue?
Joking.
-Name's Alya.
-Thanks, I…
I'm Marinette.
You have a rep around here:
a magnet for catastrophe.
You do not disappoint.
Some people have to try
to fail that hard.
Yeah, I try… not to.
-You might want to stay away.
-Are you kidding?
I live for the action shots.
I'm gonna stick to you like glue.
-[chuckle]
-[bell rings]
Think you and I were meant to be.
[uplifting music]
-[cacophonous flute playing]
-[class whimpering]
[boy] Is that a dog whistle?
[footfalls on balance beam]
[whooshes through air]
-[thud]
-[Marinette grunts]
[Marinette whimpering]
[Marinette] Argh!
[Marinette hesitating]
-[explosion]
-[Max] Huh?
That's so cool!
[Emilie] My love,
where is that dress you promised me?
-Honey, I'll get to it.
-[touching music]
We have all the time in the world.
And I don't mind waiting forever.
I would give every moment
I have left…
for just a glimpse
of you in that dress, Emilie.
[sigh] Hm?
[mysterious voice swirling]
-[ominous sting]
-[harrowing music]
-[sting]
-[curator] To be honest,
I've never seen such a strange artifact.
It gives me the chills.
[voices shrieking]
-[gasp]
-[music crescendoes]
-[bell ringing]
-[Alya] Hey, you keep your head up, girl.
Mmm!
You call me, OK?
[female] I wish
I could make an explosion like that.
[female 2] You're too much, Marinette!
-[male] It's like she does it on purpose!
-[female 3] She's crazy clumsy!
[female 4] Whatever she does,
better stay away!
[female 5] Were you born clumsy?
[Marinette shudders, gasps]
[Chloe] Hey, Marinette!
Why don't we braid each other's hair
after school?
Then I could strangle you with it!
How does that sound?
Wait, is that another girl
wearing an Agreste sweater?
[gasp] Who dares?
Hm, you won't escape me, Marinella!
-Excuse me.
-[Rose] Oh!
-[whisperings]
-Sorry.
[Chloe] Hm…
[Marinette gasps]
[sigh]
[soft music]
There must be an exit.
An emergency exit.
[groan]
My life is over.
I'll have to leave Paris,
change my name, dye my hair!
[groan]
A little luck here, please.
-Huh?
[Marinette gasps]
Are you OK?
Oh, uh… me?
Are you crying?
What? No, I'm not! Um…
This is just, uh, allergies.
There's a lot of pollen in here.
I mean not pollen, dirt.
I mean…
Dust! I must have it in my eyes.
[chuckle]
[sigh]
[Marinette grunts]
[shudder]
-[wheels squeak]
-[Marinette sighs]
[clatter]
Are you sure you're all right?
-[nervous laugh]
-[thud]
Oh!
[sigh]
Need a hand?
[soft music]
[sigh]
Wait, do you think we should…
[gasp]
Hello?
[students chattering]
She's so weird.
[Nino] Hey, bro!
'Scuse me! Sorry!
[grunt] Sorry!
Bummer you're missing all the action, man.
Yeah, it's kinda lonely in there.
Yo, there's Opening tomorrow.
You should come with.
There's some sick new rides, dude.
It'll be awesome.
You know that I'm here for you, right?
All right, dude.
[Adrien sighs]
[Gabriel] Anything else?
[Nathalie] Your world-fashion interview,
tomorrow, first thing.
[Gabriel] Fine.
Merci, Nathalie.
Dinner?
With your son, sir.
No, I have work to do.
He needs his father.
And I'd appreciate
if you minded your own business.
-[approaching footfalls]
-[Nathalie gasps]
I'm sorry, Adrien.
I know the drill.
[sad music]
[sigh]
[echoing laughter of mother and child]
[rails humming]
[click]
[rising sound of applause]
[touching music]
[shudder]
Happy birthday, Mom.
I cannot keep this dark secret anymore.
[suspenseful music rises]
[sting]
Give me the ultimate power
so I can bring my wife back!
[blast]
-[zap]
-[Gabriel gasps]
-[Gabriel sighs]
-[Kwami] Master,
I cannot grant you this wish.
Only the Ladybug and Cat Noir Miraculous
possess this power.
How do I find them?
They can only be summoned
in times of chaos.
If chaos is the way,
I will burn the world
and lose myself in the flames
to do so!
-[trilling]
-[dark music]
Let darkness rise!
[music crescendoing]
[exasperated shout]
-[gasp]
-[music fades]
It's time.
-Hm…
-[gramophone cranking]
-[Master Fu gasps]
-[mysterious music]
Hm…
[click]
[gramophone cranking and whirring]
OK, you two,
I know you're awake!
I am going to open the box,
but I am warning you,
no fighting!
You must work together!
Hm?
Voilà!
Oh? No! No!
[heavy breathing]
Oh, no! Oh, no!
[Chloe] Hey, Marinella!
Why don't I walk you home?
-Gotta run!
-[tense music]
Sorry! Sorry!
Friends don't run
from friends who hate them!
-[heavy breathing]
-[car horn beeps]
-[shriek]
-[screeching rubber]
[horns honking]
[Chloe] I just wanna have
a nice screaming exchange
like two civilized teenagers!
Wait! We must choose them together!
-[waiter grunts]
-Sorry!
[woman grunts]
Hey!
[Master Fu grunting]
-Haha!
-[truck horn honking]
-[car horns blaring]
-[gasp]
-[Marinette grunts]
-[crowd gasps]
[screeching rubber]
[Master Fu] Ah!
[cheers]
[sigh]
Are you OK?
You risked your life to save me?
Wait a second.
It is you!
You! Come with me!
Now!
The world is in danger!
OK, you seem fine.
[Chloe] Marinella!
Gotta go!
Hold on! Remember!
Who saves a life saves the world!
I have to get away
from all these crazies!
[huskily] Don't be afraid!
Or we will all die!
You are the one!
[whimper]
The whole city's a looney bin!
[heavy breathing]
[cat yowls]
[Chloe] Oh, Marinella!
Where art thou?
Why are you so slow, Sabrina?
You let her get away!
I was carrying both our bags!
[huff]
You only think about yourself!
Find her!
-[thud]
-[Marinette whimpers]
Not here!
[deep sigh]
[door lock clicks]
[doorbell chiming]
-[tap]
-[Adrien shudders]
Wha…
[tense music builds]
[Adrien shudders]
[cat growls]
Huh?
[growling] [hiss]
[yowl]
[gasp]
[male voice]
I knew since the moment I met you.
-Sweetheart, will you marry me?
-[romantic music]
[gasp] C'est parfait!
This is perfect, Raymond!
The setting, the music,
but… I love someone else!
-[sweetheart sobbing]
-How is this possible?
I will never love again!
[sobbing]
[suspenseful music]
[grunting]
Oh? Huh…
[butterfly screeching]
[Gabriel's voice]
Akumatize his heart. Unleash its rage.
-[harrowing music]
-[Raymond shouts]
It was once thought
that the gargoyles would come to life…
at night!
Guarding Notre-Dame from evil spirits!
-[deep growling]
-[crowd screams]
[screams]
[guide yelps]
-[rattling]
-Uh, I'll be gone in a flash!
I promise.
No need to scare me.
I usually scare myself.
[scream]
What are you doing here?
-[sigh]
-[soft music]
Wait!
Who saves a life saves the world?
[blast]
Huh?
[gasp]
[music rises, fades]
-[blast]
-[cat yowls]
-[whimsical music building]
-[gasps]
[Tikki] That took long enough!
Phew!
Huh? My goodness!
Exciting!
You discovered electricity!
Girls can wear pants!
Finally!
[shriek]
[shudder]
I forgot how loud this part could be.
-Eww!
-No time to spare, let's do this quick.
My name is Tikki, the Kwami of Creation.
Nice to meet you, Marinette.
Yes, I know your name.
I'm a Kwami.
Uh, can you say "Kwami"?
Uh…
Er, right, never mind.
I'm a tiny genie,
except I don't grant wishes,
but together
we'll do the most dangerous stunts,
risk our lives, and save the world!
-Ready?
-Last time I had a dream like this, I…
wet the bed!
Er, cute, but this is real.
The Moth has lost
to the greed of humanity.
We don't know what it's capable of.
The fate of the world is in your hands!
-What?
-Oh, um…
[clears throat]
Let's try this another way.
♪ You are Ladybug ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ And you can do this ♪
-♪ So, when things get tough ♪
-Huh?
♪ Together, we'll fight through it ♪
-♪ You've made a mistake ♪
-Nope!
-♪ It's clear to see ♪
-Well, obviously not.
-♪ You need a hero ♪
-Precisely!
♪ That is not me ♪
[Tikki]
♪ I love your humility ♪
♪ I picked the right Ladybug in you ♪
♪ But you can be real with me ♪
♪ Deep down, you know it's true ♪
Here we go!
♪ I have one job, I'm good at it ♪
♪ Been doing it for so many years ♪
♪ I find hearts with complete courage ♪
♪ A love that can drive out all fears ♪
♪ But why me?
I'm nothing special, bug ♪
♪ Wait and see what you're capable of ♪
♪ I can't be saving the world today ♪
♪ Just trust me when I say ♪
♪ You are Ladybug ♪
-♪ I'm honestly not ♪
-♪ You don't know till you've tried ♪
-♪ You've honestly got the wrong girl ♪
-♪ And when things get tough ♪
♪ I'll hide in a dream ♪
[Tikki]
♪ Just be who you are ♪
♪ Deep inside ♪
-What do you mean?
-Let me break it down.
♪ I've been finding Ladybugs
For thousands of years ♪
♪ The world always needs one
When a threat appears ♪
♪ So, in the darkest hour
Of our longest night ♪
♪ There's always been a Ladybug
To stand up and fight ♪
♪ The fighting and the spying
Becoming best friends ♪
♪ We'll come this close to dying
Then we'll do it all again ♪
♪ And it'll be amazing to see
When you've got these abilities ♪
♪ You'll find your groove
As a super coccinellidae ♪
-A what's-an-ill-a-me?
-♪ I'll tell you what's in it for you ♪
♪ You can become someone brand new! ♪
♪ Just leave me alone ♪
♪ I wanna go home ♪
♪ I'm not the one that you want
In the lead ♪
♪ I'm not the person you need ♪
[music softens]
♪ I'm not Ladybug ♪
♪ I can't do this ♪
♪ When things get tough ♪
♪ I make excuses ♪
-♪ I'm not Ladybug ♪
-♪ I'm about to kick your butt ♪
-♪ If you don't start to listen ♪
-♪ I can't do this ♪
♪ I'm about all out of patience
Making your decisions ♪
-♪ When things get tough ♪
-♪ Things are tough for everyone ♪
-♪ You'll learn to fight through ♪
-♪ I make excuses ♪
♪ Guess I'm gonna have
To decide it for you ♪
-♪ I'm not Ladybug ♪
-♪ There's no time ♪
♪ If you don't know, I do ♪
♪ You are Ladybug ♪
[music ends]
[gasps, shudders]
[shriek]
[night guard] The one night.
The one night I have off,
and they call me.
There's gonna be hell to pay, I tell ya!
Oh, yeah!
They're gonna hear me tomorrow.
[scuttling]
Huh?
[scoff]
There's nothing to report.
What a waste of my time!
[suspenseful music]
-Wait…
-[stone rumbling]
What is that?
-[growling]
[shriek]
[Ladybug] Wow…
[sigh]
First a song, now a yo-yo?
What's next, a tea set?
-[yo-yo chiming]
-[gasp]
-[trilling]
-[Ladybug shudders]
[Ladybug grunts]
[gasp]
-[yo-yo softly chirping]
-What?
Oh…
[gasp]
-[chiming]
-[shriek]
[adventure music]
[Ladybug shouting]
Ah!
-[boy gasps]
-[both grunt]
[boy shuddering]
[whimper]
Where am I?
[shriek]
-[boy clears throat]
-[Marinette] Huh?
Bonjour!
[boy shudders]
-[both shout]
-[boy grunts]
-[Ladybug] Ah!
-[yo-yo chirps]
-[Ladybug groans]
-[boy] What do you think you're doing?
-I'm… [groan]
[boy] This is a dangerous place
for a young lady.
[scoffing] Excuse me,
I'm no damsel in distress.
-Who even are you?
-[boy] Name's Cat Noir.
Do I know you?
[Cat Noir]
I'm the new hero in town.
Here…
to save the world!
Ha! With what? "Furballs"?
What are you supposed to be?
A watermelon?
-Excuse me?
-Yes!
-That'll do for a sidekick.
-What?
I'm here to save the world…
-[reeling]
-[grunt]
-[Cat Noir] Ha!
-Too.
I can see that.
Coming in here all loud and messy,
giving away your every move.
-[clatter]
-Oh!
[stifled]
So much for the element of surprise!
Ever heard of a decoy?
[Ladybug]
I don't understand what's happening.
This is all wrong.
All you have to do is follow my lead…
sidekick!
-I'm not a side…
-[deep growling]
[Cat Noir] Shh!
[whispered] Don't move.
[snarl]
[low growl]
[both gasp]
-[Ladybug whispering] Do you have a plan?
-A plan?
[chuckle]
Do I have a plan?
I have more than a plan!
-Oh!
-[Cat Noir]I have… nine lives!
Oh.
[Gargoyle snarls]
The devastating power of destruction!
Huh?
[growl]
[Cat Noir] Night vision!
Razor-sharp senses!
-[Ladybug groans]
-Rar!
Nothing can sneak up on me!
[Ladybug shudders]
Not to mention my weapon,
this all-in-one thingamajig!
Ready for takedown!
[Cat Noir grunts]
Hm?
[Gargoyle snarling]
[growl]
-[suspenseful music]
-[Cat Noir chuckles]
Run!
[Gargoyle roaring]
[Cat Noir panicked breathing]
[roaring]
Hey! Not on the first date!
[yelps]
It looks like you guys
have hit it off pretty well.
[grunt]
I've got this, sidekick!
[cacophonous clatter]
[Cat Noir chuckles]
And the winner is…
[vocalizing]
Cat Noir!
-[Gargoyle roar]
-[Cat Noir grunts]
-[Gargoyle snarling]
-[Cat Noir] Sidekick!
What are you doing back there?
Help me!
It's my first time!
-What?
-[Cat Noir shouts]
-[whimpering]
-[yo-yo trilling]
-Huh?
-[chirping]
-[Ladybug screams]
-[harrowing music]
[deep roar]
[whimper]
-[crowd gasps]
-[male tourist] Is that a watermelon?
Told you!
[nervous laugh]
[Ladybug] For a so-called cat…
you don't seem to land on your feet!
[church bells clanging]
[Ladybug shouting]
[bells chiming]
That's music to my ears!
[Ladybug screaming]
[Cat Noir] Cannonball!
I'm reporting live
from the Notre-Dame attack!
That was incredible! Oh, my God!
Did you guys see that?
-She's a hero!
-[cheers]
A she-ro!
I think we've hit rock bottom.
[grunt]
[spits]
At least the fish is fresh!
[Ladybug] Are you OK?
[in French accent]
For madame, a champagne,
-and for monsieur?
-[in French accent] Just water.
[screams]
Sorry!
[Cat Noir] Bon appétit!
-[snarl]
-[Ladybug screaming]
[Ladybug's shouts echoing]
Ah!
Wait for me!
Don't wait for me!
[Gargoyle roars]
[Cat Noir shouting]
[rails screeching]
I hear it, maman! It's coming!
[loudspeaker]
Please mind the gap between the train--
[Cat Noir] Woo! Gotcha!
Who's the hero now?
[deep breath]
That's two for Cat Noir…
and zero for Gargoyle!
-[Gargoyle groans]
-[crowd shrieks]
[man shrieks]
-[Gargoyle roars]
-[gasp]
[Gargoyle howling]
[low snarling]
-[growl]
-Stay!
Huh?
Huh… Huh?
Fetch!
[grunt]
[growling]
[whimper]
I take it back!
Ah!
Don't fetch! Don't fetch!
Kitty!
[yo-yo chiming]
[uplifting music]
[shouts]
[grunt]
Ah! Excuse me!
Excuse me! Watch out!
[grunt]
What's going on?
I don't know, but it looks serious.
[gasp] [sigh]
Thank goodness Marinette's at home.
-[alarm]
-[Ladybug] Watch out!
Mom? Dad?
I'm gonna be so late for dinner!
[grunt]
[approaching train horn]
Ya!
Watch out!
-Ah!
-[deep growl]
[TV reporter]
We are reporting live above metro Passy,
in the middle of Paris!
We have an astonishing situation
happening below us.
It's quite alarming.
We'll get back to you
as soon as we know more.
Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
-Cat?
-[touching music]
I'm glad you're all right.
[crowd clamoring below]
Not bad for a sidekick, huh?
-["Careless Whisper" playing]
-Whoa…
[Cat Noir gasps]
[sirens blaring]
-[whistle blow]
-Find them!
-[Cat Noir shudders]
-Quick! Let's go!
[Raymond whimpers]
-[soft dark music]
-[mysterious voices swirling]
[butterfly screeches]
-[thunder peal]
-[both] What was that?
[Master Fu] An Akuma.
Hold on. Who's there?
Now, who the heck is this guy?
Before you wonder who I am,
you must discover who you are.
-What?
-[chuckle]
It's not hard! He's insane.
Well, I still think
you look like a watermelon.
-Will you stop?
-Watermelon!
-Insane!
[accusations growing louder]
-Stop!
-[Ladybug] Hm?
You, Ladybug,
hold the power of creation.
Watermelon.
While you, Cat Noir,
hold the power of destruction.
[Cat Noir] Wow!
Ha! Figures.
And how come you know all this stuff?
You must both defeat Hawkmoth,
for he is the one
transforming all this hate and anger
into these horrible creatures.
Hawk-who?
Stop them and capture their Akumas.
[Cat Noir] Yeah, easy.
I got this covered.
[Master Fu] No! Stronger together!
It's the only way
to reach the perfect balance
of heart and mind,
or you will not defeat Hawkmoth.
[Ladybug shudders]
I did not sign up for this.
I understand. You're afraid.
Failure is not your enemy.
Your fears are.
So, just be my sidekick
and you'll be safe!
-[smack]
-[Cat Noir] Ow!
I can't stand this guy another minute!
Hold on!
Will I ever see you again?
Oh, sure!
In your dreams and my nightmares.
Or better yet, how about we wait
until we both get killed in the afterlife?
Ow!
-Wow!
-[soft music]
♪ It's been a while since I smiled ♪
♪ And meant it ♪
♪ Lately I guess I've just been ♪
♪ Searching for purpose ♪
♪ For any incentive ♪
♪ To show me just where I fit in ♪
♪ Then suddenly I'm flying ♪
♪ Through the night sky ♪
♪ The city lit up down below ♪
♪ Watching and wondering ♪
♪ And wanting to know ♪
♪ How far this adventure will go ♪
♪ Then she appears
Like a dream in a dream ♪
♪ And everything seems to slow down ♪
♪ She looks at me, smiles ♪
♪ Could this be what it seems ♪
♪ My feet haven't yet touched the ground ♪
♪ And suddenly I feel so free ♪
♪ Leaping through the city ♪
♪ I'm leaving all the pain far behind ♪
♪ So strong I can't ignore it ♪
♪ And as I'm stepping forward ♪
♪ Will she be there by my side? ♪
♪ It's been a while since I smiled ♪
♪ And I meant it ♪
♪ Those who know me would agree ♪
♪ Maybe I've finally found my incentive ♪
♪ Tonight in Paris, my lady! ♪
-[Ladybug grunts and screams]
-[clatter]
[Tom] Hm…
[panicked breathing]
Something's missing.
Marinette. Marinette?
Marinette?!
Honey, have you seen Marinette?
[Sabine] She's upstairs.
[Tom] Honey?
I can't figure out what's missing
from Grandma's soup.
Thyme or parsley?
Um… rosemary?
Haha! Of course!
What would I do
without my choux-choux-chef?
[smooch]
She's just…
incredible.
-She…
-[flatulence]
She… stinks?
Plagg!
You're disgusting!
Sorry, kid.
Love stories…
[gulp]
give me a tummy ache.
[stomach turning]
[flatulence]
Careful!
You'll wreck everything.
[mouth full]
Duh! I'm the Kwami of Destruction!
By the way,
I found this cheese in the trash.
Do you have anything more rotten?
-[burping within]
-[Nathalie] Hm?
-[Adrien] Nice, Plagg.
[Adrien] I can't even talk to you
like a real genie.
Adrien, is everything all right in there?
[Adrien] Uh, yeah, all good, Nathalie!
-[flatulence]
-[flies buzzing]
-[fart]
-[grunt]
[Nathalie whimpers]
I'll be back later!
We gotta work on your control!
And throw! And cat puns!
Just need to be ready to… strike back?
Are you kidding me?
We almost died!
People could have been hurt!
All because of me!
But no one was hurt thanks to you.
Between us,
she really saved my butt out there.
Risking her life for me,
she was so brave.
[Marinette hyperventilates]
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Calm down!
These are classic signs
of PTFAFS!
It'll pass!
P-T-What?
Post-Traumatic First-Akuma-Fight Shock.
Just breathe with me.
She's probably been doing this
for a long time.
You can tell she knows her stuff.
-And…
-[deep inhale]
-And out!
-[deep exhale]
You left me all alone!
[shudder]
You were not alone!
The other guardian?
I mean, when I said,
"The name's Cat Noir,"
she was like, "Whoa, he's cool."
Puss in Boots? No way!
That guy is ridiculous.
I think she digs my style.
He's got a bell on his suit!
There must be something you can do
to help things work out between us.
Fine! I'll give you one rule.
-Two halves are stronger together.
-[flatulence]
Or something like that.
Besides, once you save the world,
you'll never have to see him again.
-What?
-I don't know, figure it out!
I am never doing that again!
One utter failure is enough.
Mic drop. Marinette out!
Pretty please!
-[whimper] Bye!
-You--
[sigh]
It wasn't real.
It's just a dream.
Just a very, very bad dream. Ouch!
[groan]
Huh? Oh! No, no, no!
-[chimes]
-What?
You wanna play this game?
Haha! Fine!
Two can play this game!
Bye bye, you strange little fairy!
Find someone else's life to ruin!
[chimes]
-[poof]
-Ah!
You are the chosen one.
Your challenges are adapted
to your potential.
Don't you understand?
No, you don't understand!
I'm afraid!
I… I'm afraid.
Please…
leave me alone.
[soft music]
[whimper]
[knock, knock]
Sir, everything is ready for tomorrow.
I'm heading home!
[newscaster] Paranormal attack
at Notre-Dame or mass hysteria?
On the scene,
multiple witnesses describe
a gargoyle brought to life
fighting two colorful, costumed avengers.
These heroes are believed
to still be at large in the city.
[suspenseful music rises]
I warned you, Master.
Stop now or there will be no turning back.
You will lose everything.
I have nothing to lose.
[hesitation] [sigh]
♪ I'm torn apart ♪
♪ Each time I see ♪
♪ You standing there ♪
♪ My beautiful Emilie ♪
♪ But now I know ♪
♪ What I must be ♪
♪ To bring you back to me! ♪
You didn't tell me
the powers could do that!
Master, this is not right!
If chaos makes those jewels appear,
then chaos it'll be!
That is not
how these powers should be used!
I believe that's my decision, insect!
Let me tell you what I'll do!
♪ Those two jewels ♪
♪ Will soon be mine ♪
♪ And with them
I'll bring her back to life ♪
-[Nooroo] But it's impossible.
-♪ I will find and I will take ♪
♪ I will bend and I will break ♪
♪ Whatever must be broken ♪
♪ Till she's woken up! ♪
♪ I'll take the worst ♪
♪ The bottom rung ♪
♪ Who'll be the first
Now that I've begun? ♪
♪ Give me your lost
Give me your tired ♪
♪ Your outcasts!
Your uninspired! ♪
Master, this is not the way!
Silence! Chaos reigns today!
Sing!
[cackling]
-[villain chorus] ♪ Hawkmoth! Hawkmoth! ♪
[Nooroo whimpers]
[Hawkmoth]
♪ So, watch! Chaos will reign ♪
♪ Today! ♪
-The ultimate power is not this.
-[Hawkmoth groans]
-The ultimate power is--
-Enough!
I know what must be done.
♪ Your deepest dark ♪
♪ Your doubt, your pain ♪
♪ I'll take that spark ♪
♪ Fan it into flame ♪
♪ Every lost and lonely soul ♪
♪ Let Hawkmoth take control ♪
♪ I'll give purpose
To your worthless lives ♪
♪ Not hesitate to throw you aside ♪
[Nooroo] It doesn't work on me.
Who cares?
You still work for me. Sing!
[villain chorus] ♪ Hawkmoth! Hawkmoth! ♪
♪ So, watch! Chaos will reign ♪
♪ Today! ♪
[music rising]
-[music fades]
-Paris Gazette!
Special edition! Gargoyle attack!
Who are these two masked figures?
Friends or foes?
If only you'd been there to see it!
I think I got the gist.
Can you believe it?
A butt-kicking girl superhero,
and I took her first picture!
-Couple goals, don't you think?
-You're nuts!
Why? What's up?
That's not my…
Uh, I mean, her boyfriend.
-How do you know?
-It's obvious. Look at the pictures.
They don't look
like they like each other.
Not in this one.
Or this one!
-Or even that one!
-[Alya] Anyway,
I'll ask when I see her in action again.
It could be dangerous, Alya.
If you want to be a reporter,
you have to get close to the action.
-[sirens blaring]
-[tires screeching]
[police shouting]
[through loudspeaker]
It's over! You're surrounded!
They're everywhere!
[grunt]
[harrowing music]
[police shouting]
[blast]
Thank you!
You have been a fabulous audience!
-[officers shout]
-The show's not over yet!
Let's go out with a bang!
[metal ping]
-[ominous music]
-[blast]
Have you ever…
fallen in love?
Hm? Are you kidding me?
They don't call me Dr. Love for nothing.
Step into my office.
I know all the tricks in the book,
my friend.
Rule number one,
you gotta be somebody else,
mysterious,
like you're wearing a mask.
Don't fall for it!
Make her laugh!
They love that.
It's so embarrassing
when they try to be funny.
Don't forget to bring roses.
That shows confidence.
That means he's desperate.
[newscaster]
We continue our special-edition coverage
of the bank robbery that took place
earlier in the heart of Paris.
This heist may be linked--
-This is awful!
-Hm?
Mayor Bourgeois has just declared
that security will be reinforced
at today's Back-to-School Fair
in the Tuileries…
[gasp]
-I'm going to keep an eye on her.
-Don't be silly.
They would've canceled the Fair
if it wasn't safe.
She won't even know I'm there!
Hm? Hm?
Hm? Mhm…
[Nino] And last but not least,
the golden rule,
always stay cool.
-Hey, Nino!
-[Nino shudders]
Uh, hey!
'Sup, Alya? I…
You look, uh…
Marinette, right? We met!
Yeah, um, this is my friend Adrien.
We've already met.
Oh, I see!
You two have a little secret.
Wait, what? No! It's not what you think.
-Yeah, no.
-Hm?
That got awkward fast.
Who wants to go on the roller coaster?
-Nino, you in?
-Me?
With you? Uh…
I, uh…
Absolutely. Let's do it.
-Marinette, Adrien, you coming?
-[Nino softly yelps]
-[Marinette whimpers]
-[Adrien] Uh…
Actually, I really should go
before my dad--
Yeah, me too, I gotta…
help my dad at the boulangerie!
Your dad has a bakery?
That's so cool!
Yeah, waking up to the smell
of fresh croissants every morning.
Your dad sounds awesome!
-[Tom sighs]
-[Marinette] He's the best.
I have some leftover macarons you can try.
[Marinette gasps]
[Adrien gasps]
Wow!
These are… really good.
Thanks.
[Tom] Hm?
-[Adrien gasps]
-Dad?
Who wants a Love Apple?
That's your dad?
Wait! I can explain!
-Don't tell your mother, please!
-[phone rings]
Sorry, my dad's calling.
-Dad?
-[Gabriel] Adrien.
Where are you?
At the fair. You should come!
We could hang out together.
I want you to come home right away.
It's not safe for you there.
I'll send a car to get you.
[hesitating]
I really have to get home.
-Hm? [chuckles]
-Dad!
That was so embarrassing!
You're embarrassed…
[whimper]
By me?
[Marinette sighs]
[ominous music]
Hey, you think you don't need
to pay for your tickets or what?
[teller screaming]
This looks like fun!
You like coasters, right?
-[buzzer sounds]
-[gasp] No!
No, I mean…
No, I'm not scared!
You'll love this one.
Three loops!
[cheers]
[Sabrina] Chloe, I'm really…
scared of heights.
Fine, I'll just have to find
another friend
who isn't so selfish
and actually cares!
No! I… I can go!
[metallic sound]
[cocking]
[gunshot]
[employee] Huh?
-It's… showtime!
-[suspenseful music]
[grunt] [giggling]
[crowd screaming]
Hands fly!
-[bite]
-[screaming]
[Magician cackling]
[thunder peal]
-[ghoulish cackling]
-[grunts]
Today could not get any worse.
-[teller whimpering]
-[barks and growling]
[screaming]
[blast]
What's going on?
Why are we stopped?
Relax, Nino.
It's part of the ride.
[Nino] My glasses!
I think.
What do you mean, you think?
[Alya] Villains!
Huh? Where?
This should get their attention.
[accelerating]
-[horses whinnying]
-[pogo sounds]
-[thud]
-[stretching]
[Marinette shouts]
[newscaster] We interrupt this broadcast
with a special report.
A new wave of panic is spreading
near the Louvre Museum.
Why did you make me get on this thing?
[crowd screaming]
[Marinette inner voice]
I can't let this happen.
I won't…
I won't be afraid.
-[soft music]
-Not anymore.
[Marinette]
♪ It's so dark ♪
♪ Not a star in the sky ♪
♪ With no sound to be heard ♪
♪ And reality blurred ♪
♪ Dreams are gone with the light ♪
♪ Fading out ♪
♪ Till the world's far behind ♪
♪ I can't do this alone ♪
♪ I can't find my way home ♪
♪ With this doubt in my mind ♪
♪ Gotta find the courage in me ♪
♪ Stand up and be braver
Than I've been before ♪
♪ Searching for the courage in me
So I can believe ♪
-♪ This is what I'm destined for ♪
-[music builds]
♪ Is this my moment to rise? ♪
♪ Leave the person I was behind ♪
♪ There are storms to come ♪
♪ Can I face each one? ♪
♪ Is it time? ♪
♪ Is this my moment to rise? ♪
♪ I've started to realize ♪
♪ Doubts that held me down
Begin fading now ♪
-♪ Is it my… ♪
-[music cuts]
-♪ Moment to rise? ♪
-[soft music]
♪ As I stand ♪
♪ With a new path to tread ♪
♪ The hope in my heart ♪
♪ Starts to shake at the thought ♪
♪ Of what might lie ahead ♪
♪ Should I fight? ♪
♪ There's so much I don't know ♪
♪ Do I push through the fears
Till a new world appears ♪
♪ Though I might be alone? ♪
Are you ready, Marinette?
What if I fail?
You must face your own fear
to protect the people you love.
[Marinette] Tikki!
-Spots on!
-[music builds]
♪ What was in darkness ♪
♪ Is totally different in the light ♪
♪ And deep in my heart
I've found a way ♪
♪ To climb to new heights ♪
-♪ I'll go on regardless ♪
-[yo-yo trills]
♪ Of anything standing in my way ♪
♪ Harness the power in me for those ♪
♪ Who need to be saved ♪
♪ I won't run, I won't hide
I will soar through the sky ♪
♪ Tonight, I'm not going down
Without a fight ♪
♪ And now is the time ♪
-♪ My moment to rise ♪
-[music ends]
[infant wailing]
[balloon dogs growling]
[grunt]
Keep your dirty paws off him!
Don't worry, I got you! You're OK.
[Monster cackling]
[gasp]
-[inflating]
-[Ladybug] What?
[Monster cackling]
[Magician laughs]
Surrender your Miraculous now!
Oh, yeah? Or what?
I'll squish you like a bug.
-[Cat Noir] Did you need me?
-[Ladybug shudders]
[both shout]
Oh, no. You again?
A dream come true!
[Magician] Time to make you disappear!
-[cocking]
-[Cat Noir] Let me guess.
Silent but deadly?
That's it! All bets are off!
-[gunshot]
-[slow-motion sound distortion]
[harrowing music]
-[yo-yo trills]
-[Ladybug gasps]
Did you just…
[Cat Noir] Whoa!
Our powers!
[both] Stronger.
Together!
Ya! Huh?
-Where'd they go?
-[Magician cackling]
Your last ride's gonna be a blast!
[passengers shrieking]
Bounce these fools!
[Monster shouting, cackling]
[car horn blaring]
[screaming]
-The coaster!
-The wheel! Let's roll!
[action music]
[passengers shrieking]
[Ladybug screams]
No free rides for you!
[Monster cackling]
-[car honking]
-[Cat Noir] Wait! Wrong way!
Ooo, shiny!
-[Ladybug] Need a helping hand?
-[Cat Noir shouts]
Talk about a helping hand.
-[muffled] Don't be scared!
-[shrieks]
-[tires screeching]
-[horses whinnying]
[lasso whooshing]
-[snag]
-You're pulling my leg, right?
Ah!
[dramatic music]
[shout]
-Wait! No!
-Get away!
I'm the good guy!
Cut it out!
[grunts]
[deep cackle]
How do we burst this hot-air head?
Oh, hey! Long time no speak!
[screaming]
Sabrina! Help me!
[yelping]
[heroic music]
[music stops]
-[whimpering]
-[flies buzzing]
Do you know who I am?
That was nuts! Did you see that?
Totally!
[Magician cackling]
And for the grand finale!
-[Monster bellows]
-[Magician cackling]
It's a scene of utter chaos down there!
[yelp]
[Alya] Any last words?
Now's a good time.
[passengers shriek]
-[Nino] Alya!
-[Alya shudders]
I love…
Ladybug!
-[heroic music]
-[Ladybug grunting]
[cheer]
Look!
[suspenseful music]
-[crunching]
-[cackle]
[Ladybug] Ya!
[grunting]
[Ladybug and Cat Noir]
Stronger together!
-[Mime shouts]
-[Magician] Huh?
[deflating]
[both] Haha!
[Monster wailing]
Got an idea.
Let's do this thing!
[ferris wheel creaking]
[Ladybug grunting]
[Ladybug] This is it, kitty!
Line it up!
[Monster groans]
[museum-goers clamoring]
-[shriek]
-[male] Quick! Run, kids! Run!
[Ladybug screaming]
[grunting]
Ah!
[Monster grunting]
[deep bellow]
[taking breath]
Yeah!
[soft triumphant music]
[Cat Noir] The Louvre, ha!
Good point!
[Mime groans]
[whimper]
[mysterious voices swirling]
[Hawkmoth's voice]
Next time, there will be no mercy!
You will fear me.
I swear it!
-You know what you gotta do, right?
-I think so.
[beep, trilling]
[Hawkmoth cackling]
Gotcha!
-Bye bye, little butterflies.
-[touching music]
[growing cheers and applause]
La Bande aux Chapeaux!
You've just caught
the most wanted thieves in Paris.
And saved our lives.
You two are heroes!
Ladybug, and you are?
I'm just the sidekick.
[Ladybug whimpers]
We're partners.
-[rock music]
-[Cat Noir] Pound it!
[newscaster] Who hides behind the masks?
Friend or perhaps foes?
Regardless,
one thing they have is style.
[Marinette]
♪ Miraculous, simply the best ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong ♪
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest ♪
♪ The power of love always so strong ♪
[groan]
[cackle]
♪ Another day
I'm back at school ♪
♪ I think about him
He's so cool ♪
[Adrien]
♪ I feel so strong when she's around ♪
♪ She picks me up when I am down ♪
[Marinette vocalizing]
[Adrien]
♪ And when I see her smile ♪
♪ That's when she becomes ♪
[Marinette]
♪ Miraculous ♪
♪ Simply the best ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong ♪
-[Adrien] ♪ When things go wrong! ♪
-[Marinette] ♪ Miraculous, the luckiest ♪
[Adrien] ♪ The luckiest! ♪
[Marinette]
♪ The power of love always so strong ♪
-[Adrien] ♪ So strong! ♪
-[Marinette] ♪ Miraculous ♪
♪ The luckiest ♪
[Adrien and Marinette]
♪ The power of love always so strong ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
[cheers and applause]
[music fades]
[Cat Noir] Paris is safe,
and we did that.
[chuckle]
It's hard to believe.
-You know what, watermelon?
-I'm all ears, fleabag.
Don't take it personally,
you've got a great style,
but I believe you could, uh…
punch a little faster.
Really? [scoffs]
Interesting.
[soft music]
Slow, but pretty strong for a watermelon.
[chuckles]
You call that a kick?
-Aw, what a cute kitten.
-[huff]
-[clatter below]
-[man] Hey! Watch with all the noise!
Aren't you done yet?
-Do you wanna fight?
-[grunt]
[Cat Noir]
Let's see if you can stop this!
-[Ladybug] You call that a punch?
-[Cat Noir] More like a light scratch.
-[Ladybug] Careful not to break a claw.
-[Cat Noir] Would that bug you?
[grunts]
[Ladybug] How do you manage
to annoy me so much?
[Ladybug gasps]
[both catching breath]
I really should go home now.
Don't.
Who are you, Ladybug?
THE GRAND PARIS BALL
[bell rings]
[Marinette] Seriously, Alya,
you think Adrien would say yes?
Of course!
I'm gonna ask Nino.
I think you two should go together
'cause Adrien is coming with me,
not with some baker girl.
[smarmy laugh]
Enough, Chloe.
The adults are having a conversation.
Why don't you go fix your hair?
It looks like a rat's nest.
[Marinette] Tikki, I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna ask Adrien to the ball!
I've got everything planned: my outfit,
what I'm gonna say, a cute bow tie.
[Tikki] Hawkmoth is still on the move.
We must stay focused.
Relax, Tikki!
We kicked every super villain
he sent our way.
[chuckling]
He's probably hiding scared.
Or it's the calm before the storm.
-[Miraculous trilling]
-Mhm, see?
All right, kitty.
Let's do this quick.
I've got a big day tomorrow,
and I need my beauty sleep.
Cat Noir?
Hello?
[gasp]
Oh, no!
I didn't make it in time!
They took him!
He's gone!
-Kitty!
-[tense music rises and fades]
So, you do care about me.
Oh, I hate you!
We'll see about that.
Follow me.
[chuckle]
Wow!
[touching music]
[cat hisses]
[Ladybug] Let me guess.
This is where you bring all your dates.
Actually, I've never brought anyone here.
After my mom died,
I promised myself
that I wouldn't get close
to anyone anymore.
Oh.
I'm sorry, Cat Noir.
Don't be.
I'm not sad anymore…
since I met you.
I prepared a little something.
But I'm not sure.
I don't want to mess it up.
You know, someone once told me
that failure is not your enemy,
your fears are.
That's right.
So, I'm prepared to make a fool of myself.
And you need a piano for that?
A gift.
For you.
-♪ Can't believe ♪
-[soft music]
♪ The world that you've revealed ♪
♪ To me ♪
♪ For the first time, I feel ♪
♪ Truly free ♪
♪ It's all thanks to you ♪
♪ I feel the same ♪
♪ You pushed me through the doubt ♪
♪ The pain ♪
♪ And as our paths collide again ♪
♪ I know what to do ♪
[music stops]
-[Cat Noir] ♪ Take my hand ♪
-[upbeat music]
[together]
♪ As we stand ♪
♪ Let's face the world ♪
♪ There is nothing that can defeat us ♪
♪ Day and night ♪
♪ You and I ♪
♪ Let's show the world ♪
♪ That nothing will come between us ♪
-[Cat Noir vocalizing]
-[Ladybug] ♪ Thanks to you ♪
♪ I've become confident ♪
♪ To know I am free ♪
♪ When I feel overrun ♪
♪ It's no longer all on me ♪
♪ Hearts and minds ♪
♪ Now combined ♪
♪ I am stronger ♪
♪ When you're by my side ♪
♪ I can share ♪
♪ All my cares ♪
♪ You've laid bare my deepest flaws ♪
♪ You caught me unaware ♪
♪ Now my fate is tied with yours ♪
♪ Hearts and minds now combined ♪
-♪ I am stronger ♪
-[music drops]
-♪ So stay by my side ♪
-[music builds back]
[vocalizing]
You save the world every day
with your mask,
but the girl behind it
saved my heart.
[sigh]
[Ladybug]
♪ What is this feeling now? ♪
♪ I cannot fall for him ♪
♪ His eyes move me somehow ♪
♪ I shouldn't start something ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ I know that look ♪
♪ Dancing between those eyes ♪
♪ It is the same one ♪
-♪ I've tried to disguise ♪
-[music fades]
[Ladybug shudders, sighs]
[gasp]
♪ I'm sorry ♪
♪ My heart is already ♪
♪ Somebody else's ♪
♪ We can't see this through ♪
♪ Wait, don't go ♪
♪ Just give it time to grow ♪
♪ We could be great, I know ♪
♪ I'm falling for you ♪
I'm sorry.
[Ladybug sighs]
How could I ever think
she'd fall for me?
Behind this mask,
there's just an empty heart.
-[flatulence]
-You know what else is empty?
My stomach.
Listen, kid, I told you.
Don't fall for your sidekick.
[sad music]
-[door slams]
-[Gabriel] Adrien.
-Hm?
-[weak] I've been waiting for you.
Where have you been?
-Why do you care?
-You didn't come home last night.
All of a sudden,
you're worried about me?
[Gabriel]
Of course, I worry.
-I'm your father.
-My father?
I lost my dad a long time ago!
-Adrien! Wait!
-[door slams]
[Marinette] Tikki,
I…
I know I like Adrien.
-Not Cat Noir.
-Just follow your heart.
You're right.
My heart.
Adrien.
That's him!
-Go for it!
-Ah!
Hey, Adrien!
-Hey!
-[defeated] Hey, Marinette.
I've been thinking about…
the ball!
And I thought maybe you'd like to…
go… with me?
[whimper] [sigh]
Sorry, Marinette,
but I… can't.
It's just…
there's someone else.
[Marinette sighs]
I'm sorry.
[Chloe] I tried to warn you.
Fairy tales don't come true.
There is someone else,
and she's right in front of you.
-[bell rings]
-[Marinette whimpers]
Stop getting in our way.
[slow piano music]
♪ I dreamed of calling Paris home ♪
♪ Now everything just seems a mess ♪
♪ Surrounded but so alone ♪
♪ Expected to be this huge success ♪
♪ It's best to just forget it all ♪
♪ A fantasy and nothing more ♪
♪ Just paper dreams built to fall ♪
♪ Hang it all up ♪
♪ And close the door ♪
♪ Reaching out ♪
♪ To find the person I can be ♪
♪ Is it enough to just be me? ♪
♪ I feel like setting myself free ♪
♪ I've got dreams to see me through ♪
♪ But will they just remain inside? ♪
♪ I want to see the world brand new ♪
♪ Why do I always run ♪
♪ And hide? ♪
♪ Reaching out ♪
♪ To find the person I can be ♪
♪ Is it enough to just be me? ♪
♪ I feel like setting myself free ♪
-♪ I need this now ♪
-[musical intensity builds]
♪ To say the things I want to say ♪
♪ There's got to be another way ♪
♪ I want to live, I need to stay ♪
[music softens]
♪ Is it enough to just be me? ♪
Emilie, my love…
-[harrowing music]
-If I cannot bring you back to us,
then I should be the one to join you.
-[grunt]
-[butterfly screeches]
You want a dark heart?
Is that what you crave?
Take mine!
[bell tower rings out]
[butterflies screeching]
I hate you, Ladybug and Cat Noir.
[Hawkmoth groans in pain]
[grunt]
[suspenseful music growing]
-[man] I love you.
-Huh?
-[man gasps]
-[woman screams]
[gasp]
[people screaming]
-[thunder peal]
-[woman shouts below]
[people screaming]
-[Miraculous trilling]
-[harrowing music]
[gasp]
-[music fades]
-[flames crackling]
[child screams]
[heavy breathing]
-[mother whelps]
-Take shelter!
[child whimpers, shouts]
-Mama!
-[mother gasps]
-[screeching voices swell]
-[child screams]
-[crash]
-[mother and child shout]
Where are you, Cat Noir?
-[sighing]
-["Careless Whisper" playing]
[Miraculous trilling]
[whimper]
[chuckle]
The less interested you are,
the more they run after you.
[people screaming]
[gasp]
[ominous rumbling]
[grunt]
[whimper]
-[shutter snap]
-Run!
-[man shudders]
-[Ladybug grunts]
[Ladybug yelps]
[Plagg] All right,
pity party's over, kid!
Let's go!
-This time, I'm not kidding.
-[Adrien sighs]
-[thunder peals]
-[dark music]
Plagg, claws out!
[power-up sound effect]
[weak breathing]
[yo-yo trilling]
[butterflies screeching]
[Cat Noir]
Looks like you do need me after all.
-[uplifting music]
-[Ladybug sighs]
[bitter] Nice of you to show up.
Your boyfriend too busy to lend a hand?
We're not doing this now.
[thunder peal]
We don't have what it takes, Cat Noir.
It's too strong.
[click] [power-up]
-I'll take it from here.
-No!
Cat Noir, it's…
stronger… together.
[echoing]
The kitten is in the lion's mouth.
[Cat Noir] Cataclysm!
[grunting]
[sucking in breath] [gasps]
[bolts snapping]
[Ladybug gasping] Cat Noir!
Now let's see
if cats always land on their feet.
Ah! It's going to collapse!
[tragic music]
[tower creaking]
[Cat Noir shouts]
[whimper]
[heavy breathing]
Kitty!
[dull thud]
[butterflies seething]
[bubbling]
[Ladybug whimpering]
Cat Noir, wake up!
Cat Noir, please, answer me!
Don't leave me!
[butterflies screeching]
Don't touch him!
[ominous music]
-No!
-I can feel your bones shaking!
You're just a scared little girl,
aren't you?
[Ladybug gasping, whimpering]
[solemn bell rings]
[Ladybug shouts]
[Hawkmoth grunts]
[dark music builds]
-[gleeful shout]
-[wings flapping]
[music fades]
[Tikki] Marinette!
Get back on your feet!
Stand up!
-[soft music]
-Don't let your fears win.
[Hawkmoth grunts]
[Marinette whimpers]
He's too strong. I need Ladybug.
I'm nothing without her.
[Hawkmoth grunts]
[gasp]
[weak]
Help me, Ladybug.
[slitting]
[whimper]
Ladybug doesn't exist without you.
And as long as love
will reign over fear in your heart,
you don't need a mask
to be who you already are.
You save the world every day
with your mask,
but the girl behind it saved my heart.
[Marinette sighs]
-[tense music builds]
-[grunts]
[gasping]
Ah!
[Marinette whimpers]
[harrowing music]
[gasping]
Adrien?
[Hawkmoth grunts]
[intriguing music rising and fading]
[gasp]
[gasp] Adrien!
[touching music]
[Adrien grunts]
Dad, you?
All of this because of you?
Look at you.
What have I done?
My little boy.
But why?
I tried everything to bring her back, son.
From the moment
your mother and I met,
we felt we had known each other forever.
Two halves finally made one.
We were each other's everything.
And then the greatest gift
was given to us.
You came into the world.
We were a family.
It's all we needed.
But fate… decided otherwise.
[Gabriel sobs]
I should have been the one to go.
You needed your mother
more than you needed me.
After she was gone, I was…
I was helpless.
I couldn't face the sadness
in your eyes, Adrien.
When I heard about the Miraculous…
I would have done anything
to bring your mother back!
To bring her back to you.
I lost myself.
[Gabriel shudders]
I understand now.
The only power stronger than death…
is love.
I failed you, my son.
I don't know if you'll ever forgive me.
[sobbing]
[touching music builds]
You have to let her go, Dad.
[uplifting music]
[Marinette chuckles softly]
[newscaster] The famous Gabriel Agreste
turned out to be the one
behind all the chaos in Paris.
[music fades]
[Master Fu] A spark is all you need
to ignite hope.
Now that love has conquered the fear
in your heart,
let it shine through,
for you are Ladybug,
Miraculous of Creation.
I don't know what to do.
Remember,
who saves a life saves the world.
Your instincts once saved my life.
[sigh] It was you.
[sigh]
[Ladybug] Paris!
[touching music]
You don't have to be afraid anymore!
Peace has been restored!
If darkness ever falls on us again,
the power of love
will always protect you.
Ladybug!
[crowd chuckling]
[all chant]
Ladybug! Ladybug!
[music rising]
[joyful exclamations]
[music crescendoes, fades]
[touching piano music]
[birds chirping]
[intriguing music]
[sigh]
[soft music]
[gasp] [chuckle]
[gasps]
[girl murmurs]
[Sabine and Tom sigh]
[Nino and Alya chuckling]
[gasps]
Whoa!
Look at that dress!
Yeah, classy!
Have you seen Adrien?
I saw him outside.
He said he would join us.
Marinette,
I hope you have a lovely evening
because next year,
bullying's back on.
You can count on me.
Sabrina, we're out of here.
[sigh]
Oh… I'll catch you guys later.
[sigh] Love!
I miss you so much, Ladybug.
The world is at peace,
but my heart is still in turmoil.
[Marinette] Cat Noir?
[soft music]
[music building]
[gasp]
[Marinette chuckles softly]
Marinette?
Or you can call me…
Ladybug.
[gasp]
[chuckle]
[uplifting music]
[music fades to beating drum]
[music builds back]
[music crescendoes, fades]
[tense music]
[clicks]
[Gabriel] Nathalie.
You're the only one I trust
to safeguard my secret.
From now on…
it will be just between us.
[music rises]
[Ladybug]
♪ Couldn't see what was right before me ♪
♪ Couldn't see what my heart could sense ♪
♪ I assumed love just ignored me ♪
♪ Was it fear or self-defense? ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ In the dark, there was always someone ♪
♪ Who was sharing
The stars and the night ♪
♪ By your side, my fears were undone ♪
♪ With you, I'm ready
I see the light ♪
[Ladybug]
♪ Hide and seek ♪
♪ You're with me ♪
♪ When you speak ♪
♪ Melodies ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ All alone ♪
♪ You were there ♪
♪ And a song ♪
♪ In the air ♪
-[intensity rises]
-[Ladybug] ♪ I can see ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ I can feel ♪
[Ladybug]
♪ You're with me ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ And it's real ♪
[Ladybug]
♪ I can sense ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ Who you are ♪
[Ladybug]
♪ But you're still ♪
♪ In the dark ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ All I know ♪
[Ladybug]
♪ I can be ♪
[together]
♪ So much stronger ♪
♪ When you're here with me ♪
[Ladybug] ♪ I've been waiting
for something like this ♪
♪ Sparks flying lighten up my heart ♪
♪ I was lost
But you brought the brightness ♪
♪ Illuminating all the dark ♪
[Cat Noir]
♪ Do I dare now to take the first leap? ♪
♪ Do I dare to reach for you? ♪
♪ Do I dare to think about ♪
-♪ Every dream that could come true? ♪
-[Ladybug] ♪ Now I see ♪
-[Cat Noir] ♪ Now I can see you ♪
-[Ladybug] ♪ What I feel ♪
-♪ And I know it's true ♪
-♪ You're with me ♪
-♪ There's nothing like this ♪
-♪ And it's real ♪
-♪ So real!♪
-♪ Now I see ♪
-♪ Did I always know ♪
-♪ Who you are ♪
-♪ What you cannot show? ♪
-♪ Now no more ♪
-♪ It was always you ♪
-♪ In the dark ♪
-♪ It was always true ♪
-♪ Now I know ♪
-♪ Now I see ♪
-[both]♪ I am stronger ♪
-[music fades]
-[music builds back]
-[both] ♪ When you're here with me ♪
[both vocalizing]
[music fades]
-[soft piano]
-[Cat Noir] ♪ I used to call this home ♪
♪ When your voice echoed around ♪
♪ But I'm here alone ♪
♪ With the silent shadows now ♪
♪ I often wonder what you'd say ♪
♪ If you were next to me ♪
♪ When I sing to you ♪
♪ There's no answering melody ♪
♪ All that's left for me are memories ♪
♪ That barely see me through ♪
♪ I would trade them all ♪
♪ For a moment more with you ♪
[soft music]
[music rises]
Subtitling:
Hiventy by TransPerfect